# Data Directory

The directory stores files needed for the submission.

The subdirectory `./data` contains two subdirectories:

1. `test`
2. `train`

`test` folder contains:
1. `QA_pairs.csv`
2. `QA_pairs_1.csv`
3. `QA_pairs_2.csv`
4. `QA_pairs_2_with_future_event.csv`
5. `QA_pairs_1_with_future_event.csv`
6. `questions.txt`
7. `reference_answers.txt`

`QA_pairs.csv` is a csv containing all Q&A pairs generated by our pipelines.

`QA_pairs_1.csv` and `QA_pairs_2.csv` are two csvs that splited from the `QA_pairs.csv` with each one containing half of the content.

`QA_pairs_1_with_future_event.csv` and `QA_pairs_2_with_future_event.csv` are two csvs sharing the same content as `QA_pairs_1.csv` and `QA_pairs_2.csv` except for they have an extra column named is_future_event that marked whether this Q&A pair is classified as related to future event or not.

`questions.txt` contains the questions extracted from `QA_pairs.csv`, line by line.

`reference_answers.txt`contains the reference answers extracted from `QA_pairs.csv`, line by line.

`train` folder is empty because we did not use any training data in this project.


The subdirectory `./system_outputs` contains three text files:

1. `system_output_1.txt`
2. `system_output_2.txt`
3. `system_output_3.txt`

`system_output_1.txt` contains the answers generated by the rerank model with 0 sublink file to the questions provided by the professor.

`system_output_2.txt` contains the answers generated by the rerank model with 5000 sublink file to the questions provided by the professor.

`system_output_3.txt` contains the answers generated by the rerank model with 10000 sublink file to the questions provided by the professor.


The flie `contributions.md` describes the contribution of each team member for this project

The flie `github_url.txt` contains one line which is the url to the entire git repo of this project.

The flie `report.pdf` is the formal report of this project.
